adding best pratice ( external users should work on a fork) (#1193)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: develop/TOOLS/Github/Use_Github_Guidelines.md

An invite can then be sent to external users as "outside collaborators".

> To ensure code is reviewed by repository owner, "outside collaborators" should work on a fork of the repository and send pull request to owner for code review and merging.

Reviewer: I would suggest to rephrase this as follows:

```suggestion
To ensure code is reviewed by the repository owner, "outside collaborators" should work on a fork of the repository and create a pull request for the owner to review and merge.
```

Author: Yes, you are right, better like that. thanks . please go ahead and merge.
